Let's look at the solution to the customer record exercise.
First thing we're going to do is check for Kafka running,
and if I do ps dash AF,
I don't see Kafka running, no Java processes.
I also don't see Spark.
So I'm going to go ahead and start this.
Notice, we have a note later to start
the banking application right before we run our code.
So we're going to save that.
Kafka starts, I'm going to start Spark and it cleared the terminal and let's close this.
I'm going to go to the Homework space Spark spin folder,
start the master there,
and I'm going to go look at the log file it creates with tail,
tail dash F and the log file name.
I'm going to break out of this.
Control C and start the worker.
Start dash slave dot SH script with Spark master URI.
If I run ps dash AF,
I now see Spark running.
Spark is here, and Spark is here.
Kafka says it is up.
So we're good to go.
I'm going to clear the terminal per readability.
We're ready. So first thing to notice is we
have a message schema for redis already created.
So that's going to give us the schema for the data that comes from redis.
We don't have a schema yet for this customer records,
so we need to create a schema for that.
So I'm going to call that customer Jason schema equals struct type.
Then I'm going to create an array,
a struct fields and each one is going to match the Jason field names.
I got email, which is also a string.
All of these look like strings,
because they have codes around them.
Birthday, and I cast this as a string as well,
and account number, string as well,
and location, string as well.
I'm going to create a Spark session,
then app name of customer record can't or create,
and Spark is going to be set to warn hog level.
Now we're going to read from Kafka using dot read stream,
and we want a Kafka format.
The bootstrap servers are going to be a local host 1992.
We're going to subscribe to a topic called [inaudible] stash server.
It's important to get that right.
We're going to say starting offsets of earliest,
and then we're going to load it.
Next we're going to convert it from binary.
So we're going to call it redis server streaming.
Df equals redis server streaming,
dF dot select expression,
and then we're going to cast the key as a string key.
We're going to cast the value as a string value.
Now we're going to get the Jason deserialized from the redis perspective,
which will get us down to a base64 encoded message.
So the field we want to extract the Jason from is called value,
which is what we say here.
That's the field we want it from.
The schema is called redis message schema.
Let's double-check the spelling of that.
We're going to select the column and its value dot star.
That's going to create a bunch of sub fields which we
want to end up in a view called redis data.
So now we've got base64 encoded information hiding in
this little element that we want to select out of it, out of the view.
So let's create variable to hold that information,
and let's use Spark SQL to select both the key and the z set entries.
Element zero dot element.
So if you look at this,
we have a sub-struct type called element inside z set entries,
and that's what we're getting to there.
We're going to call that element customer.
We're selecting from redis data.
Now that is not always going to be a customer.
We're calling it customer.
It depends on the redis collection that came through.
So we're going to look at that a little bit later.
So we now need to decode the base64 encoded information that's here in this element.
We're going to overload the customer column with the decoded version of the data.
The way we're going to decode it is using the unbase64 function,
and we're going to pass in the customer field.
Once that's decoded, we're going to cast it to a string.
We've got this decoded dataframe,
and it contains Jason because redis is storing the data as Jason format.
So once we've decoded it, that's what we have.
We want to deserialize that Jason,
z set decoded entries streaming dataframe,
and we're going to overload the customer column using the from Jason function.
We're telling it that we're going to extract it from the customer field,
and we're going to use the customer Jason schema that we created.
Here, and then we'll say dot select and column,
and we want to select all the subfields and with those,
we will create a view called customer.
At this point we're going to massage the data just a little bit,
so we're going to select for any data that has a birthday,
and that makes it possible for us to filter out data that's probably not customer data.
So customers streaming df equals spark dot SQL select,
and here we're selecting from our view,
we want the account number,
we want the location,
we want the birthday,
but only where birthday is not null.
We want to now do just another slight change,
and we're going to get a birth year off of
that birthday so we're going to use the split function.
Let's go ahead and do that.
So we'll create a dataframe called relevant customer fields.
Streaming dataframe equals customers streaming dataframe.
This time we're going to use the dots select instead of spark
dot SQL and we're going to say,
"Give me the account number field comma,
give me the location field comma,
and split the birthday and give me the year birthday",
and we're going to split it on one character.
So if we look at the sample data, it is dash.
So we want to get the dash in here,
and that gives us an array and we want the zeroth element of that array.
We're going to alias that field and call it birth year.
Notice that is spelled wrong way.
The last thing we're going to do,
is take the relevant customer fields and string them to Kafka.
We want to extract the fields that need to go into Kafka.
So we're going to cast the account number as a string and call it key.
We're going to put the rest of the data,
all of it into Jason.
We want to struct star,
that'll give us every field,
and we're going to call that Jason payload value.
We're going to do the write stream and we're sending it to Kafka.
We need to tell it where Kafka's running,
and we're going to send it to the topic we define called customer attributes.
We want the checkpoint location defined,
which is our temp file,
and we're going to do start and await termination.
Okay, I've saved that file and now we're going to start up this banking simulation.
Let's now run our code.
So I hope I've got a cd home workspace and then ls,
I have a script here,
submit customer record dot SH.
Now we're waiting for the application to process,
and it's saying customer dash attributes, leader not available.
That mean that's putting data in that topic for the first time,
so let's go look at that cd to data,
Kafka bin, and then we ls.
We're going to say dot slash Kafka console,
consumer, dash, dash, boot, strap, server.
Notice there's no s This time, localhost 9092 topic.
Customer attributes is the topic we defined from the beginning.
There's our data.
So we have account number,
location, India in this case, and the birth here.
So that's an example of extracting a redis payload out of a Kafka source connector,
and then decoding the base64 field that we're looking
for and extracting the Jason as separated fields.
Then we massage the data and data
frame format to extract a certain field we were looking for.
The new data that we were extracting will now be in our Jason.
So we streamed that into a Kafka topic for consumption by another consumer.
I'm going to stop the topic listening now
control C and then I'm going to stop my Spark here control C there.